[Intel's vision](https://newsroom.intel.com/news/intel-sees-promise-silicon-spin-qubits-quantum-computing/#gs.b0cz08) on [[spin qubit]]:

One possible form is superconducting qubits. Intel is making fast progress in developing this type of test chip, which others in the industry and academia are also pursuing. Additionally, Intel is researching an alternative structure, which draws on the company’s world-class expertise manufacturing silicon transistors. This alternative architecture is called “spin qubits,” which operate in silicon and could help overcome some of the scientific hurdles to take quantum computing from research to reality.

[[superconducting qubit]]:
large and they operate in systems the size of 55-gallon drums

spin qubits' advantages:
* __They’re small and strong__: Spin qubits are much smaller in physical size and their coherence time is expected to be longer – an advantage as researchers aim to scale the system to the millions of qubits that will be required for a commercial system.

* __They can function at higher temperatures__: Silicon spin qubits can operate at higher temperatures than superconducting qubits (1 kelvin as opposed to 20 millikelvin). This could drastically reduce the complexity of the system required to operate the chips by allowing the integration of control electronics much closer to the processor. Intel and academic research partner QuTech* are exploring higher temperature operation of spin qubits with interesting results up to 1K (or 50x warmer) than superconducting qubits. The team is planning to share the results at the American Physical Society (APS) meeting in March.

* __Intel manufacturing know-how__: The design of the spin qubit processors highly resembles the traditional silicon transistor technologies. While there are key scientific and engineering challenges remaining to scale this technology, Intel has the equipment and infrastructure from decades of fabricating transistors at scale.